# Shelork-Homels-NaMoGenMo-Novel
This is a repository for my novel I created for NaMoGenMo.

For this project, I wanted to take the Gutenberg version of Sherlock Holmes and run it through a script in Python that completely randomizes and rewrites the text. I created a script in Google Colaboratory using ngrams to randomize the word assortment. There are two versions: [Shelorck Homels V1](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/10FgbVzlBXolOUa2VQqTnKZZXFHLROSx1?usp=sharing) and [Shelorck Homels V2](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1Jv9iA06Hxu3De3pAQp-mFp3k0TNyLBtI?usp=sharing). I used WeasyPrint and Markdown to convert it to HTML so I could edit it using CSS, which I then used to generate a PDF of the final randomized docuement, which I called "Shelork Homels" because it looked close enough to the real thing to figure out what this project is. Basically, I wanted it to generate a 50,000 word novel that, at a glance, looked legible but really was not. The example I provided in this repository has a total of 52,484 words. It is 122 pages long and has its own title page with page numbers. 

All of the code I used came from various examples provided to my Creative Coding class at the University of Mary Washington. Our professor, Zach Whalen, was a great help in providing various examples and helping us expand upon any ideas we might have had. He also provided me with the code for the second version of the code for this project, which can be found in this repository. The code that he provided for us to use can be found in this [Colab Notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1pPHK6vqYkV76yhGjs7vbD1An5oxX0w3M?usp=sharing) and his [PDF Workflow](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1I_hBDpmN9b7GEoR7MpqZQ4eIuvxMCbxF?usp=sharing). I merely used his examples and experience to make this project possible.
